Multiple clarifications around system support (#533)
kiwix/apple: README.md

# Kiwix for Apple iOS & macOS

This is the home for Kiwix apps for Apple iOS and macOS.

[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/kiwix/apple/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/kiwix/apple)
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.2-orange.svg" alt="Drawing="/>

## Download

Kiwix apps are made available primarily via the [Mac App
Store](https://macos.kiwix.org).

Most recent versions of Kiwix support the three latest versions of the
OSes (either iOS or macOS). Older versions of Kiwix being still
downloadable for older versions of macOS and iOS on the Mac App Store.

### iPads & iPhones ###
- Download the iOS mobile app on the [App Store](https://ios.kiwix.org)

### macOS ###
- Download Kiwix Desktop on the [Mac App Store](https://macos.kiwix.org)
- Download Kiwix Desktop [DMG file](https://download.kiwix.org/release/kiwix-desktop-macos/kiwix-desktop-macos.dmg)

## Develop

Kiwix developers use to work with cutting-edge versions of both macOS

> and Xcode. [Continuous

Reviewer: This is not implemented so README is not a place for this ATM. We can bring that back as soon as it's implemented, documenting what we implemented exactly

Author: I will keep this PR open until this is the case. If this is going to be too long I will rephrase it.

integration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_integration)
secures that the whole project still compiles on the next to last
version of macOS with latest version of Xcode distributed on it.

### CPU Architectures

> Kiwix compiles on both macOS with x86_64 or arm64 (M1, M2, ... family).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kiwix compiles on both macOS architectures x86_64 and arm64 (Apple silicon).
```

> Kiwix for iOS and macOS can run, in both cases, on x86_64 or arm64.

Reviewer: This makes little sense in regard to the previous sentence. Is there a different between _compiles_ and _runs_? Why aren't the iOS archs listed? iOS actually runs x86_64 only within the simulator (and there's no iOS x86_64 device)

Author: I want cross-compilation targets to be explicit to avoid any ambiguity.

### Dependencies

To compile Kiwix you rely on the following compilation tools:
* An [Apple Developer account](https://developer.apple.com) (doesn't require membership)
* Latest Apple Developers Tools ([Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/))
* Its command-line utilities (`xcode-select --install`)
* `CoreKiwix.xcframework` ([libkiwix](https://github.com/kiwix/libkiwix) and [libzim](https://github.com/openzim/libzim))

### Steps

To compile Kiwix, follow these steps:
* Open project with Xcode `open Kiwix.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/`
* Change the Bundle Identifier (in *Signing & Capabilities*)
* Select appropriate Signing Certificate/Profile.

> 

Reviewer: `CoreKiwix/xcframework` should be placed in repo root. Not mentioned

Author: Added

## Compile `CoreKiwix.xcframework` yourself

`CoreKiwix.xcframework` is [made

> available](https://dev.kiwix.org/apple/CoreKiwix.xcframework.zip) for

Reviewer: Again, kinda false since this ZIP lacks macOS arm64.
URL will need to be changed as soon as we start creating it btw

Author: Will merge (and update the URL) hopefully next week when this will be ready.

all supported OSes and CPU architectures. But you might want to
compile this piece (C++ code) by yourself. Here follow the

> instructions to build libkiwix at [on the kiwix-build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instructions to build libkiwix+libzim at [on the kiwix-build
```

repo](https://github.com/kiwix/kiwix-build).

> The xcframework is a bundle of a library for multiple architectures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The xcframework is a bundle of all libkiwix dependencies for multiple architectures
```

Author: thx
